I rode shotgun in the lead Humvee and I
looked for bombs stop truck you don't
see the bomb unless they want you to
what you got
I'll see nothing now you don't see he
feels it I was a good soldier I had
purpose and I loved it
you kicked some ass over there yeah yeah
we wanted it to be perfect I'm home with
my favorite girls it's perfect babe
am I getting laid or what oh yeah you're
getting laid
[Music]
sorry 4 p.m. in Baghdad that wanted
chocolate chip smiley face pancake for
you
she doesn't like chocolate okay dismiss
that phony to Army Commendation Medal
and army Achievement Medal impressive
you never told me you were a hero don't
spare me the details
I can take anything but quiet
Rob you are my hammer out there well let
these young guys see you fold below here
he did his job
nothing yours it's too perfect is there
specific incident that troubles you
you shut down in somewhere
[Music]
I know this don't look like much of a
life but every when I get up I'm
grateful I'm alive because he
thank you for looking after my son I'm
not a hero
we're brothers ruled after each other
I'm only human after all don't put the
blame on me